weekday sunny 1pm no
weekday rainy 1pm yes
weekday sunny 8am no
weekday sunny 1pm no
weekday rainy 1pm yes
weekday sunny 8am no
weekend rainy 8am yes
weekend sunny 1pm yes
weekday sunny 8am yes
weekday sunny 1pm no
weekday sunny 1pm no
weekend rainy 1pm yes
weekday rainy 1pm yes
weekday sunny 8am no
weekday sunny 1pm no
weekend sunny 1pm yes
weekday rainy 8am yes
weekday sunny 1pm no
weekday sunny 8am no
weekday sunny 1pm no
weekday sunny 8am yes
weekend rainy 8am no
weekday sunny 1pm no
weekday rainy 8am yes
weekday sunny 8am yes
